README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: start writing some docs about required variables

README.md, after:

# PKI-Portal @ hm.edu

This repository contains all required sources for building the PKI-Portal running at Munich University of Applied Sciences.
The techstack is built out of the following components:

 - Next.JS 13
 - Material UI using MUI
 - Sentry Error Reporting
 - PKI.js for client-side cryptography

## Getting Started

Due to the usage of Next.JS and Sentry several environment variables and flags must be set at build time and during runtime.

## Build Time Variables

At development and during building a compiled version or a container, the following variables must be set and configured.

| Variable | Description | Example Value | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| NEXTAUTH_URL | | | 
| NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_IDP | | | 
| NEXT_PUBLIC_EAB_HOST | | | 
| NEXT_PUBLIC_PKI_HOST | | | 
| NEXT_PUBLIC_DOMAIN_HOST | | | 
| NEXT_PUBLIC_SENTRY_DSN | | | 

## Runtime Variables

| Variable | Description | Example Value | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTH_CLIENT_ID | | | 
| AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET | | | 
| AUTH_IDP | | | 
| AUTH_RESOURCE | | | 
| AUTH_SECRET | | | 
| NEXTAUTH_URL | | | 
| SENTRY_DSN | | |
